The sun sets turning the sky orange. A person carries a child, both silhouetted.
On a street,  a man holds bags as dust swirls around him.
A child presses her face against a chainlink fence. She looks at the camera.
A soccer ball rolls along dirt, then is kicked by a boy towards rubble.
Silhouetted children watch the orange sunset.
On a street, a boy and a girl stand. The boy holds a water cooler under his left arm.
Elsewhere, three women sit behind baskets of fruit.
On a filthy road, two people walk through garbage.
In front of a dilapidated brick building, four boys play dominoes, using a piece of wood as a table.
A malnourished dog looks for food.
At night, a fire burns glowing bright orange.
White text on a black background: January 12th, 2010. 4:53 p.m., Haiti.
Traffic camera footage features a car approaching an intersection. It makes a right turn. The camera begins shaking violently.
In another part of the city, a building collapses.
Inside a building, a handheld camera shakes uncontrollably as people panic.
Security footage features a man exiting a building. As he looks for somewhere to go,  there is an explosion and the man disappears from view, surrounded by dust and debris.
Aerial footage of the desturction.
In the aftermath, a building tilts, resting on its own debris.
Elsewhere, signs and concrete have collpased on cars.
A body wrapped in a sheet is placed in the bed of a truck.
A man covered in blood sits on the ground.
Another man writes on a brick wall in red: "We Need Help".
A construction vehicle pulls a body out of debris.
A person stuck between pieces of concrete reaches their arm through the space between slabs.
On a sidewalk a motionless body is covered by a jacket.
Another dead body lays amongst debris.
A boy sits with a bloody bandage over his right eye.
A woman lays on her back with a makeshift cast on her arm.
A malnourished child is treated by gloved doctors.
Text: As many as 300,000 Haitians injured.
As many as 1.5 million Haitians left homeless.
Estimates range from 85,000 to 300,000 Haitians killed.
In a building, sparks shoot off the floor, as a man welds with a tool.
Wilfrid holds a white prosthetic limb.
A prosthetic foot is placed within an outline on a piece of paper.
Blue text: Healing Haiti's Children.
On a bustling street, crowds of people go about their days.
In a river, two children bathe.
In front of a destoryed building sits a pile of shoes.
Chyron: Philippe R. Girard. Author.
Chyron: Wilfrid Macena - Earthquake Survivor.
Chyron: Mackenson Pierre - Earthquake Survivor.
Chyron: Doctor Antonia Eyssallenne - Pediatrician.
Three men peer into a destroyed building.
Chyron: Fabiana Pierre. She sits with her 4-year-old daughter Anaika.
Chyron: Leunese Gustave. Mother of 11-year-old Redondo.
Chyron: Adam Finnieston. Project Medishare.
Aerial footage shows a coastal Haitian city.
Between two ramshackle houses, a boy carries jugs of water.
Archival footage displays black and white photos on a wall.
Papa Doc sits behind a desk wearing glasses.
Historical footage of Papa Doc standing on a balcony and raising his arms in triumph.
Men sprint alongside a motorcade.
A police officer hits a boy and a woman with a piece of wood.
Haitians run down the street in fear.
Inside a house, news footage shows a woman and two children lying dead, blood pooling next to the woman's head.
Archival footage of military personnel placing rifles on their shoulders.
Baby Doc shakes hands with people.
A man wears a t-shirt with Baby Doc's face on it.
Footage from "Haiti: A Harvest of Hope" by Kevin Pina. The woman's words are subtitled: "They've done nothing." Chaos breaks out and people flee.
In a street, a man lays dead as people look at him. Now, in the sky, a helicopter flies.
A clip from "Power & People - Haiti: Hope Among the Rubble" an All Jazeera Broadcast shows Rene Preval. Subtitles: "I don't like being late."
In front of a maskehift tent, a woman holds her baby.
A plane flies overhead and drops parchuted supplies to the ground.
Chyron: First Lieutenant Cameron Kerr: U.S. Army.
Chyron: Doctor Robert Gailey. Program Director.
Chyron: Jason Miller. In-country Program Director.
Now, inside a makeshift hospital.
A doctor holds a young crying child who has an IV hooked up to them.
Doctors perform surgery.
A woman closes the doors to the hospital.
A bandaged child is cared for.
A man comforts a child with a large cast on her arm.
Anaika looks on as her mother speaks.
At a soccer field, Leunese stands alongside Redondo.
Chyron: Jean Jacob Pierre - Father of Mackenson.
In the hospital, doctors wearing masks and blue scrubs operate on a patient.
A girl with an amputated right arm lays in a bed.
A person with a normal left foot and an amputated right foot fidgets in bed.
Outside, a boy with a bandage on his arm is carried by a group of people.
Chyron: Dr. Marlon Bitar.
Outside a man with a beard points at a canvas tent.
Chyron: Dr. Enrique Ginzburg.
An IV drip is hung.
A doctor inserts rods into a patient's leg.
In a bed, a baby with both legs in casts, sleeps.
Chyron: Dr. Gerry Bitar.
In the makeshift hospital, numerous patients lay in cots.
Chyron: Dr. Michael J. Dodard.
In a field, one-legged Anaika stands with crutches.
A patient is loaded into a covered area. A woman has an IV hooked to her arm.
A child's leg and foot are covered in white splotches.
On the soccer field, Redondo walks with crutches.
Rods stick out of a child's leg.
A doctor comforts a female patient.
A patient has a breathing mask removed from his face.
In an operating room, doctors check monitors while performing surgery.
A doctor puts a latex glove on.
Now, Wilfrid sits next to his wife and holds his baby.
Text: As many as 2,500 Haitians lost limbs.
In front of a the severely damaged capitol building, a white car drives by.
UN military personnel try to control a crowd.
A helicopter drops packages from the sky. People run after, and fight over, the supplies.
Chyron: Ambassador John Simon.
Doctors carry an operating table.
In a warehouse, a forklift transports boxes.
A palette of supplies is loaded onto a cargo ship.
Chyron: Barth A. Green, MD, FACS.
A nurse walks through the Medishare courtyard.
A palette of cargo is taken out of a truck.
Two men look at a photo of a mother and daughter.
Chyron: Davor Krchelich.
On a busy street, a boy amputee uses crutches to walk.
A girl lays in a hospital bed and holds a doctor's hand.
Under a tent, a boy sits in a wheelchair.
Chyron: Andrew Walther. Vice President, Communications. Knights of Columbus.
In a hospital, a young person tests their new prosthetic.
Chyron: Carl A. Anderson. Supreme Knight. The Knights of Columbus.
In the lab, Adam measures the length of a prosthetic foot.
Now, Davor holds a bioscanner and works at a computer.
A prosthetic is molded by a machine.
In a hospital, Adam meets with Anaika. He measures from her residual limb to the floor with a tape measurer.
Adam fits the prosthetic casing to her limb, and Anaika wiggles it.
Outside, Wilfrid sits on a bench with other Haitian men.
On a dirt road, Wilfrid walks with his prosthetic leg.
Wilfrid and his family share a happy moment.
Through a night vision lens, a firefight ensues.
In a desert, military troops endure combat.
Troops carry a stretchered man to an aircraft.
Text: More than 1,500 U.S. service men and women have lost a limb since September 11, 2001.
Chyron: Sergeant Justin Masellas. U.S. Marine Corps.
Matthew Castillo del Muro.
On a silhouetted Haitian street, people move around as the sun sets and turns the sky orange.
On a busy street, a car passes Wilfrid.
A car drives a road along a forest.
On a bustling dirt road, a truck navigates pedestrians.
Chyron: Fortilus Cedieu.
Wilfrid helps an amputee fit into their prosthetic.
The sun rises over mountains that surround a ramshackle town.
A woman gets water from a pump.
In Carl's office, a soccer ball is displayed.
On a soccer field, Mackenson and Redondo, both on crutches, kick a soccer ball to one another.
A man sets down a handful of crutches.
On the field, numerous men on crutches play soccer as fans look on.
A group of players in blue shirts celebrate.
The team as well as their supporters pose for a photo.
An airplane flies through a clear blue sky above the soccer field where the team practices.
Chyron: Seth Stammler.
A player wearing red loses his crutch. He picks it up.
Text: Five months later.
Two teams of amputee players walk in two lines side by side. One wears red. One wears blue.
Players on both teams chase after the ball. A player in red kicks it.
Later, the blue team lines up, then takes the field.
The red team stretches in a circle arms extended to their sides.
A player focuses on the ball in the air, then using his crutches for support, kicks it.
Players from both teams chase after the ball.
A player kicks the ball right at the camera and it cuts to black.
A soccer ball with blue writing: Zaryen.
A player in blue kicks the ball with the outside of his foot.
Text: October 15, 2011. In a house, a man walks up stairs.
Outside, players in matching white shirts, greet each other.
The players get in the back of a truck.
The truck pulls up at the aiport where other people in the same white shirts are waiting.
The players unload the truck and walk under an awning toward the terminal.
In the airport, players wait for their flight.
Through a plane's window, the plane speeds along a tarmac and lifts off the ground. As the plane rises, a Haitian town and mountains become more apparent.
Now, above the clouds, Haiti is barely visible below.
On the plane, a player sleeps in an aisle seat.
In Washington, D.C., the team walks through the terminal.
On a bus, the team looks at sites.
Outside the bus, a woman takes a photo.
On the steps of the Capitol Building, the team sits and poses for a photo.
On a field, an amputee on crutches kicks a soccer ball.
Another amputee laces up his shoe.
A soldier and Haitian kick a ball to each other.
Chyron: Rear Admiral Alton L. Stocks.
Chyron: William Parker.
A solider dribbles around a cone.
On a street, Team Zaryen exits a bus.
Chyron: Colonel Paul Pasquina.
On an indoor soccer field, the players stand around the midfield circle.
Wilfrid shows soldiers how to use the crutches.
A member of Team Zaryen receives a pass from a solider.
Masellas falls, laughs, then stands up.
Masellas scores a goal. A member of Team Zaryen celebrates and hugs Masellas.
On the field, del Muro walks with his crutches. He stops and rests.
Text: October 18 ,2011. On an outdoor soccer field, players warm up.
Text: Team Zaryen vs. U.S. National Amputee Soccer Team. D.C. United Practice Facility, R.F.K. Stadium.
A reporter speaks with Wilfrid.
The teams pose for a photo together.
At midfield, a ref holds a soccer ball, as teams take their sides.
The game begins. Zaryen wears red. The U.S. wears white.
The U.S. shoots the ball on net, but the goalkeeper saves it.
A U.S. player dribbles down the field past Zaryen defenders. He cuts the ball back, then passes it to a teammate.
A U.S. player passes the ball past the Zaryen defense to his teammate.
The teammate shoots and scores.
Two Zaryen players chase after the ball in the open field.
A Zaryen player shoots but the ball is saved by the American goalie.
An American players steals the ball from a Zaryen player. The Haitian falls to the ground.
Later, the U.S. goalie attempts to get the ball but misses and tackles another Haitian player to the ground.
Now, the Zaryen goalie helps an American up.
Later, a Zaryen player shoots and again the shot is saved.
Team America takes a free kick. The ball is headed into the back of the net for a goal.
Now, moving slowly, the Zaryen players look defeated.
As the second half gets underway, a Zaryen player kicks the ball
A Zaryen defender blocks a shot. The U.S. player tracks the ball down and passes it his teammate. The Zaryen goalie readies himself. He blocks the U.S. player's shot attempt.
A Zaryen player sprints down the field with the ball. He passes it to a teammate.
His teammate kicks the ball toward the net.
It gets past the goalie.
Members of Team Zaryen throw their crutches in the air in celebration.
After the game, the players from both teams meet and hug.
Wilfrid signs autographs.
Chyron: Dwayne De Rosario. D.C. United.
Players and coaches from both teams pose for a photo.
At a stadium, the D.C. United mascot waves a flag over its head.
D.C. United wears black and plays against a team in red.
In a locker room, Team Zaryen meets Coach Ben Olsen
In the stands, fans cheer on their D.C. United.
Chyron: Aprile Pritchet: Director of Community Relations. D.C. United.
The members of Team Zaryen exit the field.
A soccer ball rolls across a rocky, dirt field. A Haitian boy kicks it.
An amputee girl kicks a ball.
On a soccer field, Mackenson watches Redondo.
A bustling Haitian street glows orange as the sun sets.
At a stream, a woman washes clothes.
On a very busy street, people navigate cars.
On a plot of dirt, a boy joyfully throws a soccer ball into the air.
Haitian amputees practice side step drills between cones.
At a hospital, Antonia looks inside a crib.
A split screen of both tents full of people.
Outside, Fabiana carries Anaika up a set of stairs.
Adam fits Anaika's prosthetic.
Adam helps Anaika walk with her new prosthetic leg.
Text: Mackenson sees Redondo with his prosthetic for the first time.
Inside a building, Mackenson smiles as he watches Redondo walk with his prosthetic leg.
Redondo looks at himself in a mirror.
Redondo dances as Mackenson watches.
Mackenson dances.
Mackenson and Redondo shake hands, then Mackenson pulls the boy in for a hug.
Chyron: Three years later. Inside the prosthetic factory, limbs are made by Haitians.
A giant red gate opens.
Inside a room, the Medishare teams sits at a table with Haitains.
The Haitian flag blows in the wind as the sun sets.
A double amputee stands, then smiles at the camera.
Wilfrid and Mackseon walk along a sidewalk.
Text: This film is dedicated to Emilio Moure: 1957-2011, whose vision to help the people of Haiti is embodied in the clinic that now bears his name.
Credits roll.